The last type of data binding that we need
to talk about is event binding.
Event binding is used to respond to user actions.
So for example, when a user clicks on a button
we want to perform some action.
That action could be to display some content,
fire off an ajax request, or to update some
property.
When performing event binding, we start inside
of our template and wrap the event name we’re
targeting inside of parenthesis.
And then we need to set our event equal to
the name of a method statement inside of quotes
that is also invoked using parenthesis.
Method statements are located inside of our
class and are defined below our properties.
In this example we’ll be showing or hiding
an image based on the click of a button.
Notice how we’ve set our hideImage method
to be of type void meaning the method will
not have a return value.
In this example we’re using the click event.
We’re actually able to bind to any of the
standard web events provided to us within
the browser.
To find about all the different events that
we can bind to, you can navigate over to the
mozilla docs slash web slash events.
And you can scroll down on this page to check
out all the different events available.
Lets now implement event binding inside our
application.